index.md: extend the introduction and move the video to specs (#210)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: index.md

# BISDN Linux

BISDN Linux Distribution is a custom Linux-based operating system for selected
whitebox switches. This lightweight distribution provides a standard Linux
environment and includes FRR, as well as most native Linux networking tools out
of the box.

BISDN Linux exposes the switch's ports as Linux network interfaces so that no
specialized programs are needed for network configuration. Each port is its own
network interface, so you can think of your switch as a Linux server with a lot
of network cards.

> For example configuring the switch to forward between ports is as easy as
> creating a bridge over the ports in linux:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With our design, configuring the switch to forward traffic between ports becomes as easy as
bridging ports on any Linux server:
```

Author: Dunno about the "With our design" part, makes it sound again as if this is something specific to BISDN Linux, and not "generic". Also feels a bit wordy.

And any reason for dropping the example part?

Reviewer: The "With our design" advertises, that the way how the NOS is built, is our own design and I think this should not have anything generic in it. The "example" part can be dropped, since this is obviously an example and there is no need to explicitly state it.

Author: But the linux networking isn't our design, and the point is that it works like it would on other linux OS's so IMHO adding "by our design" takes away from that message.
